Add some explanations for frequently used rustbot commands (#1849)
rust-lang/rustc-dev-guide: src/walkthrough.md

@reviewer-github-id` (e.g. `r? @eddyb`). If you don't know who to request,
don't request anyone; the bot will assign someone automatically based on which files you changed.

The reviewer may request changes before they approve your PR, they may mark the PR with label 
"S-waiting-on-author" after leaving comments, this means that the PR is blocked on you to making 
some requested changes. When you finished iterating on the changes, you can mark the PR as 
`S-waiting-on-review` again by leaving a comment with `@rustbot ready`, this will remove the 
`S-waiting-on-author` label and add the `S-waiting-on-review` label.

Feel free to ask questions or discuss things you don't understand or disagree with. However,
recognize that the PR won't be merged unless someone on the Rust team approves
it. If a reviewer leave a comment like `r=me after fixing ...`, that means they approve the PR and 
you can merge it with comment with `@bors r=reviwer-github-id`(e.g. `@bors r=eddyb`) to merge it 

> after fixing lefted trivial issues.

Reviewer: Worth mentioning that r=someone requires permission and the delegate cmd gives it to you.

@reviewer-github-id` (e.g. `r? @eddyb`). If you don't know who to request,
don't request anyone; the bot will assign someone automatically based on which files you changed.

The reviewer may request changes before they approve your PR, they may mark the PR with label 
"S-waiting-on-author" after leaving comments, this means that the PR is blocked on you to make 
some requested changes. When you finished iterating on the changes, you can mark the PR as 
`S-waiting-on-review` again by leaving a comment with `@rustbot ready`, this will remove the 
`S-waiting-on-author` label and add the `S-waiting-on-review` label.

Feel free to ask questions or discuss things you don't understand or disagree with. However,
recognize that the PR won't be merged unless someone on the Rust team approves
it. If a reviewer leave a comment like `r=me after fixing ...`, that means they approve the PR and 
you can merge it with comment with `@bors r=reviwer-github-id`(e.g. `@bors r=eddyb`) to merge it 

> after fixing lefted trivial issues. `r=someone` requires permission and the reviwer use
> delegate command gives it to you in this way.

Reviewer: Re-thinking this and the below might sound better, how about?

```suggestion
after fixing trivial issues. Note that `r=someone` requires permission and bors could say something like
"🔑 Insufficient privileges..." when commenting `r=someone`. In that case, you have to ask the reviewer
to revisit your PR.
```

Author: looks great.
